i
welcome to one more of my videos
instructional in case you do not know them
You do not know I'm choosing this video
is basically focused for some
people who have asked me about
how to have independence or that some
advice on the battery I give you this
council do not need to know how to read
They need to know a lot about music
just that exactly what I want
achieve is that with something that we have
every day we can practice the
battery to a level beyond that
we were practicing normally the
independence that I will explain the
today is simply focused on
issues of basic rhythmic patterns
that is to say usable almost in any
popular song that you can
found on the radio or on TV the
exercise involves touching
carola in two and four that is 1 2
3 4 1
that would be the first step second step
they should be able to touch any pattern already
be on the hyatt they might touch
eighth notes 6 black
what you want from the bosses
that you and the interesting part is
that with the right foot that is the hype if
You are left-handed, because left is touching the
melodies of the songs that you want
which you can think of in which they you
want but I'm focused on doing
songs of certain popular form and
basic below some examples
just like him
there is no way to change the government of
our country
ah
yes
Y
they can also touch the raid with their hands
right and bring the tempo with a hi hat
to black rooms
do not
remember the goal is to touch the
melody as such in the drum do not touch
nothing of the rhythm you simply make your base
with one makes clear how it has been
explained the dgt and the hype that if one
is aware of the melody all the
time one is opening more ears
and when interacting with
musicians or with the language of the piece
song are going to be much better
they will be able to integrate better into that
language to be aware of that
language and when they make fils they are going to touch
to doc say they will play in a way
congruent the fact of making films
basic or quiet does not represent that
you are bad drummers do not have
all the time you play
many notes in one order
Well, to have more musical awareness
more than what is happening around
we part of awakening that
conscience is doing a little bit of
those exercises
are based on the books of esther and
I liked to share it
Y
i